hello gentlemen of the internet its
most-wanted here and today I would like
to show you an awesome Easter egg I
found it need to be speed on the ground
too when you start a new game but
Rachel's car now um originally you were
supposed to just go to the car lot
yourself and well you know just follow
the instructions the game is giving you
but officially you also have two races a
circuit race and a sprint race marked on
the mini-map now for this awesome Easter
Egg you have to go on and complete both
so the circuit races are located over
here and is actually a quite long way it
will take you at least four minutes to
be able to complete it but once you're
done with that listen to what rachel
says hey dude what's the hold up you
lost or something the car lot is on the
mini-map hurry up and get over here I
don't have all night so yes she's
basically implying that she's not happy
about you taking her car for a spin like
that but of course she doesn't know what
you're doing add two moments now you go
head up north to the arm sprint race and
you also got to complete that one and
this is what she says when you complete
that race - hey man I want my car back
you better haul over here ASAP or I'm
putting the word out on you and that
means no more race until I say so
get over here now I'm listening to her
voice in what she said you can clearly
see that she is a pissed at you and in
case you're not gonna bring her right
back
well you're fucked so there's an actual
hidden race in one of the alleyways in
the middle of Citicorp it's located over
there you don't go there and it's a very
quick short little circuit race and
played in city core and if you can
believe that one well she has she gets
pissed off just listen to this
you know what hotshot the word is out
Racing's over the longer you take to get
over here
worse off you're gonna be I ain't
calling you again well as you can
clearly hear that she is basically
incredibly pissed at you and she told
you that you meet are indeed fucked but
it doesn't actually end here if you go
to the car lot where you get the car
lock cutscene with the comics style um
you don't usually get to read the text
above and under the images because you
know it's a comic so it also includes
the thoughts of Lee our player now if
you pause the video in a good moments
you can read the following little late
with Rachel's ride and she's not happy
about it
so like officially the players actually
supposed to you know disobey her rules
and go on and do the races and yes a
permission so yeah I find this a cool
Easter Egg to be honest with you and I
really do hope you have enjoyed this
little Easter Egg video ladies and
gentlemen I have some incredibly big
things coming up in the next month and I
will see you next time till then peace